# Day 22: Monkey Map

## Part One

The monkeys take you on a surprisingly easy trail through the jungle. They're
even going in roughly the right direction according to your handheld device's
Grove Positioning System.

As you walk, the monkeys explain that the grove is protected by a force field.
To pass through the force field, you have to enter a password; doing so involves
tracing a specific path on a strangely-shaped board.

At least, you're pretty sure that's what you have to do; the elephants aren't
exactly fluent in monkey.

The monkeys give you notes that they took when they last saw the password
entered (your puzzle input).

For example:

```text
        ...#
        .#..
        #...
        ....
...#.......#
........#...
..#....#....
..........#.
        ...#....
        .....#..
        .#......
        ......#.


10R5L5R10L4R5L5
```

The first half of the monkeys' notes is a map of the board. It is comprised of a
set of open tiles (on which you can move, drawn `.`) and solid walls (tiles
which you cannot enter, drawn `#`).

The second half is a description of the path you must follow. It consists of
alternating numbers and letters:

* A number indicates the number of tiles to move in the direction you are
  facing. If you run into a wall, you stop moving forward and continue with the
  next instruction.
* A letter indicates whether to turn `90` degrees clockwise (`R`) or
  counterclockwise (`L`). Turning happens in-place; it does not change your
  current tile.

So, a path like `10R5` means "go forward 10 tiles, then turn clockwise 90
degrees, then go forward 5 tiles".

You begin the path in the leftmost open tile of the top row of tiles. Initially,
you are facing to the right (from the perspective of how the map is drawn).

If a movement instruction would take you off of the map, you wrap around to the
other side of the board. In other words, if your next tile is off of the board,
you should instead look in the direction opposite of your current facing as far
as you can until you find the opposite edge of the board, then reappear there.

For example, if you are at `A` and facing to the right, the tile in front of you
is marked `B`; if you are at `C` and facing down, the tile in front of you is
marked `D`:

```text
        ...#
        .#..
        #...
        ....
...#.D.....#
........#...
B.#....#...A
.....C....#.
        ...#....
        .....#..
        .#......
        ......#.
```

It is possible for the next tile (after wrapping around) to be a wall; this
still counts as there being a wall in front of you, and so movement stops before
you actually wrap to the other side of the board.

By drawing the last facing you had with an arrow on each tile you visit, the
full path taken by the above example looks like this:

```text
        >>v#    
        .#v.    
        #.v.    
        ..v.    
...#...v..v#    
>>>v...>#.>>    
..#v...#....    
...>>>>v..#.    
        ...#....
        .....#..
        .#......
        ......#.
```

To finish providing the password to this strange input device, you need to
determine numbers for your final `row`, `column`, and `facing` as your final
position appears from the perspective of the original map.

Rows start from `1` at the top and count downward; columns start from `1` at the
left and count rightward. (In the above example, row `1`, column `1` refers to
the empty space with no tile on it in the top-left corner.) Facing is `0` for
right (>`)`, `1` for down (`v`), `2` for left (`<`), and `3` for up (`^`). The
final password is the sum of `1000` times the row, `4` times the column, and the
facing.

In the above example, the final row is `6`, the final column is `8`, and the
final facing is `0`. So, the final password is `1000 * 6 + 4 * 8 + 0: 6032`.

Follow the path given in the monkeys' notes. What is the final password?

##### Your puzzle answer was `XXX`.

## Part Two

##### Your puzzle answer was `XXX`.

